advanced database systems	jagannathan srinivasan
advanced database systems	prasun dewan
advanced database systems	yin-he jiang
advanced database systems	bharat k. bhargava
advanced database systems	yelena yesha
advanced database systems	david w. flater
ansi x2h2	krishna g. kulkarni
ansi x2h2	jonathan bauer
ansi x2h2	mike kelley
ansi x2h2	jim melton
ansi x3h2	david beech
ansi x3h2	krishna g. kulkarni
ansi x3h2	cetin ozbutun
ansi x3h2	jonathan bauer
ansi x3h2	phil shaw
ansi x3h2	jim melton
comput. sci. res. dev.	pavan balaji
comput. sci. res. dev.	rinku gupta
comput. sci. res. dev.	peter h. beckman
comput. sci. res. dev.	abhinav vishnu
computer	darren j. kerbyson
computer	kevin j. barker
computer	adolfy hoisie
computer	abhinav vishnu
concurr. comput. pract. exp.	abhinav vishnu
concurr. comput. pract. exp.	darren j. kerbyson
concurr. comput. pract. exp.	sundeep narravula
concurr. comput. pract. exp.	georg hager
concurr. comput. pract. exp.	matthew j. koop
concurr. comput. pract. exp.	adam moody
concurr. comput. pract. exp.	amith r. mamidala
concurr. comput. pract. exp.	dhabaleswar k. panda
concurr. comput. pract. exp.	gerhard wellein
corr	georg martius
corr	eckehard olbrich
corr	michal rolinek
corr	gilles falquet
corr	sahar aljalbout
corr	dominik zietlow
data min. knowl. discov.	jiankai sun
data min. knowl. discov.	aniket chakrabarti
data min. knowl. discov.	srinivasan parthasarathy 0001
data min. knowl. discov.	abhinav vishnu
data min. knowl. discov.	charles siegel
encyclopedia of cryptography and security	torben p. pedersen
encyclopedia of cryptography and security	gerrit bleumer
encyclopedia of cryptography and security (2nd ed.)	mitchell a. thornton
encyclopedia of cryptography and security (2nd ed.)	marijke de soete
encyclopedia of cryptography and security (2nd ed.)	nary subramanian
gte laboratories incorporated	frank manola
gte laboratories incorporated	mark f. hornick
gte laboratories incorporated	alejandro p. buchmann
gte laboratories incorporated	farshad nayeri
gte laboratories incorporated	joe d. morrison
gte laboratories incorporated	sandra heiler
gte laboratories incorporated	benjamin hurwitz
gte laboratories incorporated	michael l. brodie
gte laboratories incorporated	michael stonebraker
gte laboratories incorporated	dimitrios georgakopoulos
ieee micro	dhabaleswar k. panda
ieee micro	jiuxing liu
ieee micro	abhinav vishnu
ieee micro	amith r. mamidala
int. j. high perform. comput. appl.	pavan balaji
int. j. high perform. comput. appl.	abhinav vishnu
ios press	kristian kersting
iwbs report	ulrike schwall
iwbs report	stefan böttcher
iwbs report	erich gehlen
iwbs report	egon börger
iwbs report	christoph beierle
iwbs report	thomas ludwig 0001
iwbs report	manfred schmidt-schauß
iwbs report	martin hübner
iwbs report	rolf sander
iwbs report	bernd walter
j. comput. chem.	abhinav vishnu
j. comput. chem.	garrett b. goh
j. comput. chem.	nathan o. hodas
j. parallel distributed comput.	jeff daily
j. parallel distributed comput.	sriram krishnamoorthy
j. parallel distributed comput.	abhinav vishnu
j. parallel distributed comput.	ananth kalyanaraman
j. supercomput.	pavan balaji
j. supercomput.	abhinav vishnu
j. supercomput.	darren j. kerbyson
j. supercomput.	kevin j. barker
j. supercomput.	shuaiwen song
j. supercomput.	kirk w. cameron
j. supercomput.	yong chen 0001
j. supercomput.	andres marquez
lilog-memo	brigitte bartsch-spörl
lilog-memo	michael herweg
lilog-memo	birgit wesche
lilog-memo	klaus rehkämper
lilog-memo	simone pribbenow
lilog-memo	mohammed nadjib khenkhar
lilog-report	udo pletat
lilog-report	christoph beierle
lilog-report	erich gehlen
lilog-report	bernd walter
lilog-report	claus-rainer rollinger
lilog-report	rudi studer
lilog-report	peter h. schmitt
lilog-report	michael ley
lilog-report	thomas ludwig 0001
lilog-report	werner emde
meltdownattack.com	moritz lipp
meltdownattack.com	thomas prescher 0002
meltdownattack.com	daniel genkin
meltdownattack.com	paul kocher
meltdownattack.com	michael schwarz 0001
meltdownattack.com	daniel gruss
meltdownattack.com	stefan mangard
meltdownattack.com	werner haas 0004
meltdownattack.com	mike hamburg
meltdownattack.com	yuval yarom
parallel comput.	pavan balaji
parallel comput.	abhinav vishnu
parallel comput.	yong chen 0001
proc. natl. acad. sci. usa	ralf der
proc. natl. acad. sci. usa	georg martius
springer	lidia auret
springer	ingo m. weber
springer	chris aldrich
springer	stan z. li
text understanding in lilog	werner emde
text understanding in lilog	geoffrey simmons
text understanding in lilog	sven lorenz
text understanding in lilog	kai-uwe carstensen
text understanding in lilog	udo pletat
text understanding in lilog	jochen dörre
text understanding in lilog	ingo raasch
text understanding in lilog	otthein herzog
text understanding in lilog	claus-rainer rollinger
text understanding in lilog	toni bollinger
university of california at berkeley	michael stonebraker
